(Yuya)
Previously
on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
He's Clarity Prep's
star student
and smartest kid on Earth,
the one and only
Pierre L'Supérieure,
Quiz Whiz Extraordinaire!
Nice to meet you!
When it comes
to the world of trivia,
Pierre has a perfect command
of facts and figures.
They are all
stored up here.
In a brain that makes yours
look puny by comparison.
You will face off
in the Action Field Quiz Quest!
Duel!
(computer voice)
Action Trap!
The category is Science
for 300.
Observe‐‐ there are
300 kilograms of steel
and 300 kilograms of cotton.
Question‐‐
which is heavier?
That's gotta be
a trick question,
so the answer's cotton.
(buzzer)
(Quiz Master)
Wrong, they both weigh the same.
(screaming)
If you found the Quiz Quest
challenging,
then your brain
should quiver with dread
as you enter the next phase
of our battle!
Quiz Quest, Extra Stage!
Prepare to be
flambéed!
(laughing)
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day could make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
No!
Gong's gotta push Gong's mind
and body even further!
Gong must get stronger!
(Pierre)
Hope you're ready for
the ride of your life!
What're we doing
on here?
(laughing)
It is a Quiz Coaster.
As you will soon discover,
this ride is full of twists
and turns
that will leave
your puny brain reeling!
(laughs maniacally)
Pierre sure knows how
to slip up his opponents.
And that's what makes him
Clarity Prep's top banana!
Put on your thinking cap!
This tricky track leads to five
different Action Traps.
You mean to tell me I've gotta
answer more quiz questions?
Oui!
Get the answer right and you
will earn 100 life points!
But you will surely
be wrong
and lose 100 life points
instead!
Either way you are sunk!
Au revoir!
What's he mean, I'm sunk?
(screams)
(groans)
Here it comes!
The first Action Trap!
(all)
Watch out!
Whoa!
(Quiz Master)
Action Trap activates now!
Huh?
The quiz category is dueling.
You're gonna ask me
dueling questions?
That's right up my alley!
Finally a category that
he knows something about!
Ja!
Question!
Can you spot the difference
in the two Raigeki Break cards
on display?
You have five seconds
to answer.
So there's a difference?
Okay,
let me think.
There's so much
to look at.
I think it's...
(buzzer)
Sorry.
Time's up.
The difference is the number
of fingers being held up.
That's what
I was gonna say!
Your failure to answer will
cost you 100 life points.
(screaming)
Whoa, what a shocking
twist!
Question.
How many teeth does
a Pot of Greed card show?
(snickering)
Twenty!
(bell dinging)
Correct.
There are 20 teeth
shown on the card.
Since you were right,
you earn 100 life points!
I better get my act together
or I'm toast.
Pierre!
Next, I'm summoning!
What?
Another trap already?
Question!
How many human figures appear
in the illustration
on a Heavy Storm card?
You have five seconds.
(chuckles)
At last, an easy question!
There's two!
Two people are pictured
on the card!
(buzzer)
Incorrect!
There are three figures.
Uh... no way!
(Quiz Master)
Yes way!
One...
two...
and here is figure three.
That third guy wasn't there
a second ago!
Yes, he was.
And you lose
100 more points.
Whoa!
(screaming)
Oh, dear!
(laughter and chatter)
(girl)
What a numbskull.
(man)
Throw in the towel!
I don't see
what's so amusing.
(buzzer)
(Quiz Master)
Wrong again!
(giggling)
(buzzer)
(Quiz Master)
Not even close.
Here's mud in your eye.
(buzzer)
(Quiz Master)
You were "snow" wrong.
(all sighing)
One!
(bell dinging)
(Quiz Master)
Correct.
That is two in a row.
(snickering)
(Pierre)
Oh, please, it's that one.
(Quiz Master)
Correct.
(bell dinging)
Correct again.
Who is the greatest genius?
(all)
The answer is...
Pierre!
I am coasting to victory!
(crowd cheering)
Come on, Yuya!
He better turn up
the heat
or Pierre will ice
this whole duel!
(Tate)
It looks hopeless.
Let's face it, the difference
in their life points
is humongous now!
(laughs maniacally)
You were warned!
I am far too brilliant
to be defeated by you!
It is like an ant trying
to take down an elephant!
My intellect is
highly refined,
while you are nothing
but an uncultured clown!
(crowd)
A clown!
(chatter and laughter)
(sneezes)
(man)
Gesundheit!
(giggles)
You truly are a clown!
(groans, then sneezes)
(crowd laughing)
Huh?
They think...
...he's funny!
(applause)
(chuckles)
Thank you!
Ugh.
This cannot be!
My command of trivia is far
more entertaining
than the antics of this
pathetic excuse for a duelist,
and anyone who disagrees
is wrong!
Okay!
Now on with the show!
To kick off the next act,
I activate this spell
Performapal Recasting!
Five of my Performapals will now
leave from my hand
and shuffle back to my deck!
Now I can draw five other cards,
plus an extra one for luck!
Yes!
I caught a break!
Please watch on in wonder,
my friends,
as I use my newly‐drawn
Magicians,
Stagazer and Timegazer,
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through seven
all at the same time!
Swing far,
Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Flip to it,
Performapal Lizardraw!
Snap to it, Whip Snake!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Three at once!
That's extraordinary!
Heh.
I'm not impressed.
(Tate)
With three monsters,
Yuya can pummel Pierre!
(Frederick)
Nien, remember,
Pierre still has Quiz Monkey
and his tricky trap
Not So Fast!
So no matter what Yuya does,
Pierre can work his cards
so that Yuya won't know
if he's going to save
his Monkey or not!
No, he'll be fine.
(both gasp)
Pierre can only use the effect
of Not So Fast once per turn.
But Yuya has three Monsters
set to attack.
Pierre can block him once,
but Yuya will still have
enough firepower left
to take out all
of Pierre's Quiz monsters!
(both gasp)
Give it all you've got,
Go Whip Snake!
Strike at Quiz Monkey!
Quiz Monkey will use
its special ability!
My chimp will make a chump
out of you again
by forcing you to answer
one question correctly
before your Snake continues
its attack!
I'm ready!
Question‐‐ when this battle
is finally over,
how many surviving
Quiz monsters will be
left on the field?
I'm sure I have it right
this time!
The answer is...
zero!
Okay, Whip Snake!
Send Quiz Monkey packin'!
My Monkey isn't
going anywhere!
Quiz Sphinx will use
its special ability!
(laughs)
Once per turn, when a Quiz
monster comes under attack,
you must answer
Quiz Sphinx's question!
What?
I don't even get this many
quizzes in school!
I can assure you this question
is child's play.
Answer me this‐‐
which of the monsters
on the battlefield
has the highest Level?
Whoa.
If your answer is correct,
that monster
will be destroyed
and the duelist
controlling it
will take its attack points
as damage!
But if you are incorrect,
then the battle isfini.
Easy breezy!
Yuya's Odd‐Eyes is Level 7
so it is zee top
monster‐miester on zah field!
He's finally going to get
a question right!
Which is bad,
Frederick!
But why?
Weren't you
listening?
If Yuya gives
the right answer,
then Odd‐Eyes
gets destroyed
and he'll also get slammed
with 2,500 points of damage!
Which means Pierre will
chalk up another win!
(whimpers)
Ugh,
I can't believe this!
The only way I can
possibly survive
is to give the wrong answer.
(Pierre)
Time's up!
You must give
your answer now!
I will be thrilled if you are
correct for a change!
Well?
I'm waiting!
(laughs maniacally)
No more stalling!
Tell me which monster
on the field
has the highest Level, Yuya!
If you're right,
you lose the duel!
It's...
It's Quiz Monkey.
Ha!
(laughs hysterically)
You're totally wrong!
But you had no choice!
Poor Yuya!
Due to your failure,
Whip Snake can't attack,
and your turn is now over!
When you answered
Quiz Monkey's question,
you said there would be
no Quiz Monsters left
on the field
after our battle.
Let's see, our battle
has ended.
But alas for you,
it appears there are still two
Quiz Monsters on my field!
I'm afraid once again,
you were completely wrong!
Your failure will be costly,
because I can now choose one
of your monsters to strike down!
(laughs hysterically)
Watch closely
as I eliminate...
your Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Who would've thunk
an itty‐bitty Monkey
could make a Dragon
go kerplunk?
And to add insult to injury,
Quiz Monkey's
attack points rise
to the same amount
as your Odd‐Eyes!
(cheers)
At least you didn't send
Odd‐Eyes to the graveyard.
It goes to my Extra Deck.
You are hanging by a thread
and you know it, Yuya!
One more incorrect move
and you are through!
Maybe, but don't go throwing
yourself a victory party yet.
Using Lizardraw's
special ability,
I can draw one card for every
Performapal on the field.
I may be down
a few life points,
but I'm not callin' it quits,
'cause I can draw
two cards from my deck!
You may be a quiz whiz,
but I'm a dueling dynamo!
I'll put three cards
facedown!
It's your move, Pierre!
All right.
Time to swing into action!
You're dueling
empty‐handed!
Going forward, you will need
Action Cards to survive!
But it's too late!
Quiz Monkey!
Get set to attack!
Defang Whip Snake!
I activate
Last‐Minute Cancel!
In a flash, this trap switches
all the monsters on my field
into defense mode!
Plus, any of my Performapals
that are wiped out in battle
will return to my hand!
(screaming)
Okay, Whip Snake,
now that you're back,
let's try to get the drop
on Pierre!
You're too late, slowpoke!
Quiz Sphinx,
liquidate his Lizardraw!
I've gotcha, Lizardraw!
You're going back
to my hand, too!
It will do you no good!
I activate
my spell Double It!
Since I destroyed
a monster in defense mode
using a Quiz Monster,
my monster's attack points will
be doubled until my turn ends,
plus it can attack again!
Pierre just has to attack
Yuya directly and he'll win!
Precisely so!
As Quiz Sphinx blasts you,
remember this!
You've been beaten
by the best!
I still have a chance!
You're trying to reach
that Action Card,
but you're simply
wasting your time
We'll see about that!
That card will have
the hardest question yet,
so Yuya is guaranteed
to go down in flames!
I'm going for it!
Here's the card,
now quiz away!
Action Trap activates now!
The quiz category
will be Math for 5,000!
A math question means
Yuya's number is up!
Question!
What are the first 100 digits
in the number Pi?
That one is a cinch unless
you don't know the answer!
You have five seconds
to respond.
I give up.
(all gasping)
You're not
even taking a guess?
Then your humiliation
is complete
as you flunk out of this duel
and pay with your remaining
life points!
Adieu!
(Yuya)
I wanted to be wrong
this time.
Huh?
I activate a trap!
Performapal Reborn Force!
Since a Performapal was
destroyed this turn,
any damage I take
from an effect
will be deflected from me
and dealt to you instead!
Ooh la la!
Brace yourself!
(screaming)
(metallic banging)
(grunts)
And if any battles are in
progress when it activates,
this trap cuts them short!
Good work!
Wunderbar!
(cackles)
(all)
It can't be!
Pierre L'Supérieure took damage
from Yuya Sakaki?
He used his own ignorance
to his advantage!
That's so aggravating!
(grunting)
You thought you could
cruise to victory
'cause you have
all the answers,
but that's not enough.
After all,
this isn't a quiz show.
It's a duel!
(gasps, the grunts)
How dare you try
to lecture me!
(grunting)
I'm superior to you
in every way!
I'll concede that you did
some damage this turn!
However, it won't be enough
to change the outcome
of this duel!
No matter what you throw at me,
I'll be left standing
at the top of the pyramid!
You think so?
Only one way to find out!
It's showtime!
(all cheering)
Attention, my fellow
dueling fans!
I will once again demonstrate
the jaw‐dropping power
of the Pendulum Scale!
Marvel with me as I summon
multiple Monsters
from Levels 2 through 7!
(crowd exclaiming)
Now without further ado,
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Hip hop to it, Performapal
Hip Hippo!
Joining it will be
some more Performapals
who are making an encore
appearance in today's duel!
Performapal Whip Snake!
Plus, Performapal
Lizardraw!
And last but not least,
give it up for
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
I activate my trap
Final Question!
Answer me this‐‐
at the beginning
of this battle,
how many monsters
are on the field?
Another crazy question!
If you reply correctly,
then all my monsters
will be wiped out,
but if you are wrong
you lose all your monsters!
Now, give me
your answer!
You have two monsters
on your field
and there's four on mine.
The answer's six!
You hear me?
Well done!
I laid a trap,
and you fell
right into it!
My Card Chute has
an amazing power
that's sure to have you
scratching your head.
It increases the attack points
of Quiz Sphinx
by adding my Monkey's
attack points to it,
so once you do the math,
Quiz Sphinx gets
a 2,500 point power‐up!
Then Quiz Monkey swings
back to my hand!
Behold!
With one less monster
on the field,
there will
only be five left!
Your answer was six,
so you're wrong!
Say au revoir to your
entire monster menagerie!
(laughs maniacally)
Your faux pas cost you
dearly!
I have you hopelessly
outnumbered now, Yuya!
(laughs maniacally)
It's my turn to ask you
a question, Pierre!
My question is‐‐
who's going to win this duel?
Since I can't lose,
the answer is me.
That's totally
incorrect!
Huh?
I hope you like surprises,
'cause when this smoke
finally clears,
you're gonna see something
that is guaranteed
to rock this school!
I present to you
my mighty Odd‐Eyes!
(gasps)
(loud gasp)
Incroyable!
I cannot believe my eyes!
How did you do
such a thing?
I simply activated my trusty
trap Performapal Curtain Call!
It came in handy,
'cause it just negated
my Pendulum Dragon's
destruction!
It also pumps up Odd‐Eyes'
attack points by 600
for every Performapal
that you destroyed this turn.
Ugh.
(groans)
Odd‐Eyes, focus all
your fury on Quiz Sphinx
and get set to strike!
Bad move!
You forgot all about
Quiz Sphinx's ability!
Remember you have to answer
a question,
and whether
you're right or wrong,
you'll come up the loser!
F.Y.I., question time
is over, Pierre,
'cause Performapal Curtain Call
negates your spells,
traps,
and special abilities!
Quoi?
Your trap put my Not So Fast
trap on hold?
Odd‐Eyes,
time to turn up the heat!
Since you're battling a monster
that's at least Level 5,
you can smash that
Quiz Sphinx to smithereens
and then the aftershock
will deal double‐damage
to our not‐so‐friendly friend,
the trivia hound!
(explosion)
(screaming)
You said you couldn't lose,
Pierre,
but it looks like
you were incorrect.
'Cause you just lost
big‐time, to me!
(grunting)
I thought losing was
out of the question.
It's over.
Yuya, I tip my toupée
to you!
In all my years
as a dueling manager,
that was the most dynamic
display of cardsmanship
I've ever seen!
Yuya, on behalf of the students
and faculty of Clarity Prep,
I offer our thanks.
Today you reminded us
that true greatness
isn't just about dueling
with your head,
but with your heart.
(chuckles)
Perhaps I still have a few
things to learn after all.
Hmm.
(man)
Bravo, Master Sakaki!
(cheers and applause)
(chanting)
Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya!
And that, my friends,
is checkmate!
(chuckles)
(Claude on monitor)
Mr. President,
we've picked up a surge
in Fusion
Summoning energy.
The levels exceed anything
we've seen before.
Acknowledged.
It would appear
one of our competitors
possesses a most
unusual talent.
♪